Update replicate-data-using-dm.md (#328)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/replicate-data-using-dm.md

    # MySQL1 Configuration.

    source-id: "mysql-replica-01"

>     # This indicates that whether DM-worker uses Global Transaction Identifier (GTID) to pull binlog. The prerequisite for use is that the GTID mode is enabled in the upstream MySQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # This indicates that whether DM-worker uses Global Transaction Identifier (GTID) to pull binlog. To use this configuration item, make sure that the GTID mode is enabled in the upstream MySQL.
```
